I don’t wanna clean bathroom
Of course when I decided to buy smth tasty they decided to close it
Could you just shut up, plz! You stupid bitch!
I hope you could be honest to me but you decided otherwise…that’s a pity
I don’t care bout u cause u don’t care bout me!!!
I’m so bored! I don’t have friends to spend my time with!
Hate paying taxes
hope that life will become better
I don’t like when u ask me about this! that’s none of your business!
nice
I hate public toilets! It’s disgusting!
I’m so bored! I don’t have friends to spend my time with!
It seems to me that no one loves me…
I hate not sleeping properly... Too many thoughts going on in my head.... Nightmares too...
I hate our government, our president and all their political staff
Life is too unfair
I hate how long it takes for things u order online to arrive in the mail!!
I don’t like when u ask me about this! that’s none of your business!
Hate paying taxes
If there`s any justice in the world…
SO MUCH SNOW IT MAKES ME SAD!!!!!!!!
I’m so hungry and I have no one who could bring me some food
I hate doing sports but I’m so fat that I have to L
I don’t wanna clean bathroom
This week is so exhausting! I hate everything!
Stop that violence! Hate this world!
Sleep is all I want. I hate to study!
I`m depressed of being misunderstood
Today I found a hair in my spaghetti…HATE IT!!
I need to relax right now
Why prices are so high?!
No one loves me
I`m sick of shitty friends who are never there for me!
Even my parents don’t love me
I`m tired of not being as beautiful as others
I wanna have a car but I don’t have money
I want summer! I hate being cold all the time!!
I`m just tired of being tired!
Could you just shut up, plz! You stupid bitch!
When my friends need help, I help them, but when I need their help they are all gone
I’m sick of doing things that I don’t wanna do!!!
I dont like your sense of humor
my ex irritates me!
Hate wars!!!
I hate rainy weather
hate looking at your photos again and again
hate people smoking
I`m tired of getting my hopes up for things that I know will never happen…
you might be right but is it important if it makes me cry?
I just want to forget everything bout you!
I guess no one ever will fall in love with me
I feel sooo bad! My head gonna explode!
All these things make me sad
I’m so tired! Somebody please do my work instead of me!
Anger. Contempt. Disappointment. Indifference. That’s how I feel
#flowers for someone #hospital #sickpeople http://t.co/WhvGMjxxU5
I see #sick people evryday I hate it but that's my life http://t.co/c5dKc7vyqV
I`m tired of feeling like shit!!
One more… Emory Hospital welcomed one more Ebola infected. Liberian woman Yatta Quirre #EbolaInAtlanta
I`m sick of lying bustards!!
Need some sleep … or beer
I wanna sleep, eat candies and cry. I’m so tired of all this shit!
alcohol is evil!
hate when you cant agree with me when Im right
Lessons seem endless. I hate!
I`m tired of giving a fuck when no one else does
No one loves me and neither do I
I don’t wanna clean house myself I want to have the help
never give up
Panic here in ATL!! They say it’s because of Ebola infected Liberian woman! I regret about my choice of profession lol #EbolaInAtlanta